[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to explore the earlier
career of david cronenberg with his 1977
film rabbit let's get to it
we open on Rose waiting patiently for
her paramour Hart who's ducked into this
petrol station for salted pork and
jerked beef to sustain them on their
motorcycling vacation then they goes
zipping around the countryside
unbeknownst to them this walrus and his
family find themselves lost in a need of
turning around he makes a big show of it
huffing about how useless he must be and
gets there unreasonably large Caravan
stuck across the road since heart failed
to register for a bait training he also
fails to not catapult them into a nearby
field in Rose burns for his mistake
luckily this happened near a plastic
surgery clinic and the event is
witnessed by a roof dwelling busybody
with poor self-esteem so these classic
men of action hit the cherries and zip
off since Rose is likely to die and
there's no hospital nearby dr. Kellogg
breaks out the electric cheese slicer
and cuts off a strip of bacon they
intend to give the specimen an
experimental treatment that will allow a
universal grafting later on one month
later we find her still in a coma and
unable to be moved but the graft appears
to be doing well since there's no clear
timetable and Hart is all healed up he
says farewell and leaves her in the care
of the clinic that evening Rose wakes up
distressed and confused
Lloyd hears and comes to check on her so
she cuddles up resulting in some sort of
bloody embrace that makes him whimper
like a dog
he winds up at a patient's room with no
memory of what happened and his armpit
flayed dr. Kelling requests a blood draw
for testing before sending him off to
the hospital meanwhile one of the night
nurses finds Rose room in disarray
connecting the two unusual events they
sumo Lloyd may have been perving out on
the coma patients Rose wakes up more
calmly later on and goes sightseeing
around the town she cuddles up with a
gentle heifer for some touch therapy and
is confronted by a drunkard she gives
him some sort of face snap before
running off Rose gets back to the clinic
and continues hunting she finds a co-ed
engaged in a late-night steamer and
enters the tub in a way that sets off
her creep alarm but rose quickly
bear-hugs her into submission meanwhile
Lloyd has checked himself out of the
hospital and is making his way back to
the clinic we see that his encounter has
caused some lingering trouble which
manifests itself in a way that's really
distracting for the driver you shouldn't
do that
Rose is able to make a call out to heart
and makes a confusing plea for help
before being ushered back to a room dr.
Kelloway tries to calm her and inspect
her graphs they look okay except for
that there's some sort of pucker hole in
her armpit with some sort of doodad
moving around in there she confides that
she's no longer using the feeding tubes
and offers to show him how she's managed
to sustain herself going in for a hug
and sucking him dry hard calls dr.
Kelloway to partner Marie to find out
what's up with the earlier distress call
Marie has no idea but offers to come
pick him up and drive him to the clinic
meanwhile the evenings Conquest stumbles
into a local diner bleeding from the eye
and desiring chicken he grabs what he
can get I said I think that was mine
you're probably gonna want to let that
go then he goes berserk meanwhile at the
clinic the doctor tries to complete a
groggy surgical procedure and manages to
completely botch it the resulting
turmoil prompts Rose to find some
clothes and dip out heart Marie arrived
at the clinic where Marie identifies and
now rabid doctor killer heart is taken
to identify a young lady who much to his
relief ends up not being Rose she's
managed to hitch her way back to town
feeding and leaving a string of infected
behind her still searching Hart is able
to confirm Rose has been in contact with
her friend Mindy and is going to stay
with her in the city however the
epidemic assumed to be a strain of
rabies has spread enough to make the
news and when a vaccinated officer goes
nuts the station goes into temporary
lockdown she leaves Mindy due to
restlessness and an insatiable hunger
and looks upon some models for pleasure
but she can't swing a dead possum
without hitting an inn cellar a thirsty
pervert it doesn't take long at all for
her to receive a clammy hello she then
invites Slick vino
snuggle up and check out her armpit of
sensuality the next morning we find
things popping off all over the city
resulting in the Prime Minister
declaring Martial Law
since the infected are violence and an
incubated victim can only be cured by
death they've decided they need to lock
it down
Rose heads to the mall for some shopping
and must be putting off a scent because
she barely sits down before being
approached by a sad gentleman in riding
boots she's denied satisfaction however
because he's promptly attacked by an
infected man when he looks for a light
the rabid man runs off resulting in this
cadet spraying into the crowd gunning
down Santa Claus and his sexy elf friend
in an attempt to reassert the reason for
the season
Christ exactly in setting off a mass
hysteria after being released from
quarantine Hart and Murray find the city
nearly impenetrable so he turned back
Murray goes home and lets heart take his
vehicle we find that Murray made some
assumptions about the condition of his
family that may have been premature
heart finds the city to be mostly
deserted other than freaks Gunners and
cleanup crews he eventually arrives at
Mindy's walking in on Rose making a face
like she did a newpsie heart begins
yelling at her about how she's killed
hundreds of people but then she gets mad
at him about the whole motorcycle thing
they call it a draw and she ends up
dumping him down the stairs
but declines to drink him up when he
comes to he finds the phone ringing it's
rose on the other end confirming she's
locked herself up with some Rando she
wants to wait to see if he goes foamy in
order to confirm she didn't start the
whole thing unfortunately for her pride
he does and Hart is forced to listen to
the results while of moding hard and in
the morning the clean approved picks her
up from the gutter and that was rabbit a
movie that proves helmet served kind of
useless in a motorcycle crash if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you to
film part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching